H.R.
Oh Sally, oh Sally, and Sally said he, I'm sorry that your love and mine can't agree.
I know that your beauty will marry you and prove, unless all your hatred will turn on to wealth.
Sir, to say that I hate you or any other man, or to say that I love you is more than I can.
I've gone for too late to have been your discord.
I never will marry you unless I am poor.
Being four, five, and twenty weeks that quickly came and passed.
This young man, he heard of her dance, oh, at last.
He sent for this young man, oh, life's come to die.
All tangled in love, and she is not for high.
Am I any doctor who stands for me here?
Or am I the young man that once loved you, dear?
You are the very one that can kill or can cure.
With that, the resistance I'll die, I ensure.